Customer can browse the online book store by category (e.g. Health, Success, Business, Programming,
etc)

they can search books by providing a specific keyword e.g. ‘success habits’.

the customer can
view basic information about a book like title, author, description, ISBN number, publish date and price
(in USD).

he or she can read reviews of other customers as well as average rating of a book,
which can be ranged from 0 to 5 stars.

The customer can write a review for a book but he or she needs to login first. Then he or she needs to
specify rating (from 0 to 5 stars) along with a short headline and more details in the comment

A
customer can made only one review for a particular book. If the customer already made a review, the
website will show that review if he or she tries to make a review again

Note that the customer can’t
edit the review they already made.

The website lists all categories in the top menu, which allows the customer to browse books in a specific
domain.

On the home page, the customer can see the most recently published books (based on the
publish date, not by the date on which the book is put onto the website

Then he can see the bestselling
books (based on the number of orders have been made through the website), and the most
favored books (based on their rating and number of reviews).

Note that adding a book multiple times to the shopping cart will increase the quantity (number of
copies).

The information in shopping cart is maintained during the customer’s session, which means that she can
continue navigating the site before placing an order

****
To place an order after adding books into shopping carts, the customer needs to review all books in the
cart (she can modify quantity or remove some books) before hitting ‘Check Out’

By default, the shipping information is filled with customer’s registered
information (name, phone, address, city, zip code and country)

The customer clicks “Place Order” button to submit the order to the company’s staff, and then she can
check the order status via “My Orders” menu. The default status of an order is ‘Processing’ and only the
company’s staff can update the order status

On the My Orders page, the customer can see all orders she made through the website. The most recent
orders are shown first and she can click to see the details of each order. At this time, the customer can’t
edit their orders once they are submitted.

The website also allows the customer to view their registered information (profile details) and edit it.
Note that the customer cannot change their registered e-mail address, and their password won’t be
changed if left blank in the edit form.

Also note that when the customer logs out, the information in their shopping cart is cleared.

he search result shows books that have either title or description contain the specified
keyword.

The admin can manage all categories that are used to classify the books on the website. The only
information needed for a category is the category name. He cannot delete a category if it contains
books. He can delete only empty one.

Note that the admin cannot remove a book if there are reviews and orders on it.

For managing customers, customer’s email is unique. He can change a customer’s email, but not to
another customer’s email. And a customer cannot be deleted if he or she already made reviews or
purchased books from the site.

For managing reviews, the admin cannot create a new one. Only customer can write a review. The
admin can edit the headline and comment, but not rating, book or customer. Of course he can delete
any review if it is inappropriate or violates company’s policy.

In addition, the admin can manage the books picked by the customer. He can update quantity,
remove or even add other books to the order.

